AI #2331: Align AGENTS.md with guidelines (#2332)
FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec: AGENTS.md

### Normative Language & Requirements

> * **BCP-14 Keywords:** Use MUST, MUST NOT, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT, MAY (uppercase). NEVER use: "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "RECOMMENDED", "OPTIONAL".

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **BCP-14 Keywords:** Use MUST, MUST NOT, SHOULD, SHOULD NOT, MAY (uppercase). NEVER use: "REQUIRED", "SHALL", "SHALL NOT", "RECOMMENDED", "NOT RECOMMENDED", "OPTIONAL".
```

Restores `SHALL NOT` to the prohibited list and adds `NOT RECOMMENDED` to fully align with `guidelines/contributors/normative-requirements-guidelines.md` line 242. The guidelines also note (line 246) that `RECOMMENDED` was deprecated in December 2025 for presence-related requirements, so `NOT RECOMMENDED` belongs in the prohibited set as well.

* **Location:** Capitalized keywords MUST NOT appear outside "Requirements" sections unless quoted.
* **Structure:** Use bulleted lists. Each bullet MUST express exactly one verifiable state. Split bullets that combine multiple obligations.
* **Allowed Subjects:** MUST be schema-level entities (e.g., `FOCUS dataset`, `BilledCost`). Actors (e.g., Data Generator) and Processes MUST NOT be subjects.

> * **State vs. Behavior:** Describe a state, not behavior. Prohibited process verbs: *ensure, handle, support, provide, alter, prefix, document* (though they MAY appear in conditional clauses).

Reviewer: Heads up: `alter` is used as the primary constraint in a DatasetCompleteness normative requirement (`guidelines/contributors/normative-requirements-guidelines.md` line 1025: `*FOCUS dataset* MUST NOT alter the aggregated values of summable *metrics*...`). Adding `alter` to the prohibited verb list means AI reviewers will flag that existing requirement as a State-vs-Behavior violation. Likely out of scope for this PR since fixing it means reworking actual normative text, but worth flagging so it's tracked for a follow-up.

Author: Not out of scope for this document.  I issued [this comment](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/2342/files#r3197208579) to @ijurica's PR #2342.  The process verb list is not exhaustive, and thus any normative line with a process verb is in scope for revision.  I have issued [this comment](https://github.com/FinOps-Open-Cost-and-Usage-Spec/FOCUS_Spec/pull/2344/files#r3203160768) on #2344.

Author: Met with @ijurica.  Agreed to apply the change to #2342 and not apply the change to #2344.  Resolving this comment.

* **Conditional Phrasing:** Use ONLY: `when / unless / only when / except when`. (DO NOT use `if`).
* **Mathematical Accuracy:** `and/or` is permitted ONLY in mathematical validations or conditional clauses.
* **Structural Anchors:** Requirements sections MUST begin with a non-verifiable anchor phrase ending in a colon (e.g., `<Entity> MUST adhere to the following requirements:`).

> * **Terminology:** Use exact `ColumnId`s, NEVER Display Names. Do not use the generic word "dataset"; use precise terms (`FOCUS dataset`, `dataset instance`, `dataset artifact`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Terminology:** Use exact `ColumnId`s, NEVER Display Names. Use `FOCUS dataset` as the canonical subject for dataset-level requirements; in non-subject positions, use precise terms (`FOCUS dataset`, `dataset instance`, `dataset artifact`) where the abstraction level is known.
```

Captures the subject-vs-non-subject distinction from `guidelines/contributors/normative-requirements-guidelines.md` lines 56-75. The current phrasing "Do not use the generic word 'dataset'" risks being read as forbidding `FOCUS dataset` itself, but the guidelines establish `FOCUS dataset` as the canonical normative subject for dataset-level requirements (even when the constraint applies to a dataset instance or artifact); the precise-term rule applies in non-subject positions where the abstraction level is known.

Author: Looks good.  Trying to keep it as short as possible.  Does this work for you?

```suggestion
* **Terminology:** Normative text MUST use `ColumnId`s, NEVER Display Names. The subject for dataset requirements MUST be `FOCUS dataset`. Elsewhere, specify the exact abstraction (e.g., `FOCUS dataset`, `dataset instance`, `dataset artifact`).
```

* **Glossary terms:** Link with `[*term*](#glossary:term)` format.
* **Linking Rule:** Link entity names and Glossary terms ONLY on their first occurrence per source file. Exception: Functional links using different anchor text are exempt.
* **Lists:** All unordered lists MUST use asterisks (`*`), never dashes (`-`) or plus signs (`+`). Nested bullet points MUST use exactly two spaces per level.

> * **Notes:** Important notes must use the blockquote format (`> Note:`).

Reviewer 2: In the Technical Specifications, we use `> Note:` and `> **Note:**`. I believe the latest is better, although at the moment we don't provide any special display format for the PDF and HTML.

Author: Okay.  Let's go with the latter.

```suggestion
* **Notes:** Important notes must use the blockquote format (`> **Note:**`).
```
